[CI:DOCS] Clearup inheritance rules for storage.conf (#1050)
containers/storage: docs/containers-storage.conf.5.md

## FILES

Distributions often provide a `/usr/share/containers/storage.conf` file to define default storage configuration. Administrators can override this file by creating `/etc/containers/storage.conf` to specify their own configuration. Likewise rootless users can create a storage.conf file to override the system storage.conf files. Files should be stored in the `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/containers/storage.conf` file.  If `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME` is not set then the file `$HOME/.config/containers/storage.conf` is used.

> Note: The storage.conf file overrides all other strorage.conf files. Container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The storage.conf file overrides other storage.conf files based on this precedence:
    * /usr/containers/storage.conf
    * /etc/containers/storage.conf
    * $HOME/.config/containers/storage.conf
    * $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/containers/storage.conf (If XDG_CONFIG_HOME is set)

Container
```
